Add documentation for how many semgrep versions are supported by the app (#722)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/getting-started-with-semgrep-app.md

This guide walks you through scanning code in both types of environments.

:::info

> Many improvements to the App experience only work with up-to-date Semgrep versions. For this reason, Semgrep App only supports the 10 most recent minor versions of the Semgrep open-source tool. For example, if the latest release was 0.114.0, then versions greater than 0.104.0 are supported and others may be deprecated or error out. It is recommended to use the "latest" tag for all Semgrep CI scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many improvements to the Semgrep App experience only work with up-to-date Semgrep CLI versions. For this reason, Semgrep App only supports the 10 most recent minor versions of the Semgrep open-source tool. For example, if the latest release was 0.114.0, 10 versions greater than 0.104.0 are supported while earlier versions, such as 0.103.0 can be deprecated or can result in failure. Use the **latest** tag for all Semgrep CI scans.
```

> Many improvements to the App experience only work with up-to-date Semgrep versions. For this reason, Semgrep App only supports the 10 most recent minor versions of the Semgrep open-source tool. For example, if the latest release was 0.114.0, then versions greater than 0.104.0 are supported and others may be deprecated or error out. It is recommended to use the "latest" tag for all Semgrep CI scans.

Reviewer: Thank you @chmccreery! Two questions:

- Where is the `latest` tag? I do not see anything in our docs except for `runs-on: ubuntu-latest`.
- Should we mention this also in https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-app/? This potentially sounds like something we should mention in many places.

Author: > Where is the latest tag? I do not see anything in our docs except for runs-on: ubuntu-latest.

The "latest" tag is a tag is in docker: https://hub.docker.com/layers/returntocorp/semgrep/latest/images/sha256-31f53cf64ae228692c35572ea733db963b374a5eed50b3de32dc7fdf82352bf0?context=explore It is also the default behavior in CI/CD, but there are some users who have pinned particular versions, or whose CI/CD files are otherwise unusual, who might need to actually specify the "latest" tag.

> Should we mention this also in https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-app/? This potentially sounds like something we should mention in many places.

Hmm yep, I agree! Do you mind adding it to https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-app/ and anywhere else you think makes sense?

Author: Feel free to merge this as-is now, or push the changes mentioned above first!

Author: @adamkvitek feel free to merge this as-is or make the changes mentioned above and then merge!
